while we try to wrap our minds around the fact that we’re halfway through 2024, we’re also looking forward to a lot in the second half of the year, with some exciting events kicking it off come July!
1.   Sip & Paint Workshop
Is there anything better than imagining you’re somewhere in a European countryside with a glass of wine and a plate of pasta, ready to unleash your inner Picasso? Because we sincerely believe that sounds like a dream scenario.
Thanks to Bartega Studio and Osteria Gia, that dream can be your reality for two days, only on July 6 and 7. Make your way to Summarecon Mall Kelapa Gading in North Jakarta to experience the ultimate blend of art, wine and food at Gafoy's Sip & Paint Workshop.
Spaces are limited at Rp 150,000 per person, so be sure to reserve your spot beforehand.
2.   Culture Run, Bali
If you are looking to paint the town red on foot and not on a canvas, we’ve got you covered. But you might have to hop on a plane to join Culture Run 2024 on July 7 at Pandawa Beach in South Kuta, Bali.
Grab your running shoes to take part in either a 5k or the more ambitious 10k along the beautiful Balinese coastline for what will probably be the most picturesque workout across unique terrain.\
Registration is now open for the first cultural sustainability running event in Indonesia, with tickets starting at Rp 275,000.
3.   Euro 2024 Finals
We know you don’t need a reminder for this particular event, but just in case, two countries face off on July 14 (July 15 at 2 a.m. if we’re going by local timezone) for the UEFA Euro 2024 finals in Berlin.
While yelling and cheering at your TV alone at home is perfectly fine, why not head to at least one of the many nobar (watch parties) in Jakarta? From pop-up community events to licensed venues, there’s plenty to choose from.
Some of our readers’ suggestions include Swiss-Belhotel Pondok Indah, the Stark Taproom in the Sudirman Central Business District (SCBD) or the Jakarta Convention Center for that authentic stadium vibe.
